everybody welcome back i'm northernlion
I'm a little mad about the way the both
of those own and streak attempts worked
we're on the Guardian oh this I remember
this it's Guardian spear and then XR o
7p nhf oh dude I totally totally
remember this because it's nonsense
Oh No so the Guardian we have to protect
at all times which for a lot of enemies
is gonna be completely okay but for some
enemies is gonna be quite literally
nearly impossible enemies that rush us
down enemies that shoot beams or enemies
that drop things from the ceiling are
more or less gonna be a crapshoot to see
if we have basically any chance I mean
what can I do there to see if we have
any chance to escape their clutches I
wouldn't get your hopes up too high but
honestly after the last run that we just
did that onand streak one not the one
where I ruined it cuz that one you know
I take responsibility for going to boss
rush there and then losing my ability to
teleport which may we might have lost
anyway but certainly that was not the
right way to handle it to put it
succinctly that was very very close
actually an orbital might help us out
quite a lot here because we're immune to
damage if we can just walk into enemies
that are trying to walk into Isaac's
heart we might be in a much better
position
it wouldn't hurt too much if you chose
to follow me I know that like I'm your
guardian I suppose the reality of the
situation is that I should be following
you but I'm sure
trying to kind of skirt around those
requirements at the present moment
you're annoying me a great deal and your
inability even if you just stood the
entrance to the room I'd have a better
chance to protect you I think just try
not to wander into enemies that's like
you know step number one uh okay I'm
gonna buy the spirit heart to give us a
great deal with the devil plus like just
survival chance that's right just keep
him
just keep him back we'll be back we got
him I think we have no item rooms on
this one uh we could have used a nickel
there to give us a better chance of
getting yeah we got it these these are
both pretty big right here you could
have used a nickel there for a better
chance of getting a sack boy which I
think could be a very very meaningful
pickup for us but these are actually
good gifts right now
guppies head gives us more hurtin power
and Lord knows we need it because
that'll give us the ability to kill
enemies before they could even get to
the thing that we're trying to guard
here I don't know what I'm supposed to
do about that bomb the other thing is
that the wait a minute yeah guppies head
is the other one dark bomb is the is the
one that we got that's also gonna be
very meaningful especially if we can get
our luck up there
turning red hearts into spirit hearts
good modicum of protection for ourselves
and I got high hopes that that'll lead
to success in the in the short term and
hopefully the long term as well we got
the 15 cents exactly Bar None 20 cents
now so we should buy a sack boy comes
with a free sack which is a 5/7 value at
the very least on average at least give
us a bomb six flies I'll check the card
the card is temperance I I think we
might be able to play that thing I
really really thought we would just be
able to play temperance forever because
we have technically Isaac's heart but
apparently not dark bomb you got that
one okay we're still kind of living on
the edge like an Aerosmith song here but
I think we got a good foundation I've
lost Guardian runs in the past because I
remember the specific examples very very
very well unfortunately
because they were particularly
noteworthy for a I mean what can you do
about that basically when you have the
mom fight mom just steps on the Guardian
so you're just screwed in that case
thank you for the extra spirit heart and
a teleport card as well so that confirms
if we weren't confirming it already that
there are no there are no item rooms on
this run because we did not teleport to
an item room I think we're just gonna
try to you know the son cards great but
I think we're mostly trying to just buy
spirit hearts keep ourselves in the game
here and really trying to run down the
clock on this one I think we've got a
great situation all we need to do is uh
make sure that we don't ruin this great
situation by acting needlessly
aggressively throwing HP away for no
reason in many ways this kind of feels
like the perfect run for me because I
can get an orbital and just run into
enemies without worrying about my HP
being compromised so maybe I'm being
needlessly kind of about the whole run
when we're actually in a pretty good
spot I don't know maybe maybe not the
Guardian I think I've got a bias against
it but the bias is not based on fiction
the bias is based on the fact that we've
done this run before and had it ruined
by bad things but honestly I'm primed to
like some challenges more than the first
times we did them I think based on the
fact that I hate some of these
challenges more than the first time I
did them as well so you know turnabout
is fair play oh how the turntables as
they say now good you didn't walk into
that I appreciate it two keys has given
us a range upgrade that couldn't be
worth less but there's our two keys back
so everything from this point onwards is
just gravy and this is really the value
of Sackboy right here is allowing us to
get way more than we bargained for out
of out of way less we can fly as well I
don't know why I'm neglecting to take
advantage that on a more regular basis
yeah I've said this on the last two runs
on the last 209 streak runs and probably
on every challenge that we've done
you're probably getting a little sick of
it but I think we're good I think we got
a good chance to win this one
this one even more so because it only
goes to mom's heart as far as I'm
concerned we're like you know couple
Emperor cards away from an easy victory
here hey would you mind just staying
close to me like I'm trying to skirt the
line between protecting you but also
like actively seeking out enemies so
they have no chance to knock you down
this was one of the knock your HP down I
should say but this is one of the cooler
challenges in terms of like design it's
nice to revisit it you know a couple of
years later and remind ourselves that
see like if you don't actively go out
and seek them before they get to you
they're just gonna get to you anyway
it's not like you win by just waiting
for them to get there and like
especially here we got to take out this
portal would it kill you to dodge I'm
trying not to be ungrateful here but you
know when a shot comes in I don't even
say an actively dodge just move
maybe we're not quite as well protected
as I had originally assumed but you know
what that's just gonna make it all the
more interesting as we continue to move
along here still got the Sun card more
looking for like a Nine Lives sort of
guppy ish situation here because I think
our end game probably has something to
do no red hearts our end game probably
has something to do with that well
that's fine just killing every enemy in
a room before we ever have to deal with
any of the enemies on the room but we'll
see if that if that pipe dream has any
chance to become real as we continue to
progress here making good time but we're
making good time on every single one of
these runs so it's not really like
that's not a revelation 20:12 or
otherwise that's reroll well and nothing
else here is so right right right we're
protecting this guy my bad
tears down something's wrong neither of
those are really good
HP upgrade is very good and also you
know gives us the added advantage of
having
more value out of our son card here
which we will go back for dust Li not a
second secret room 48 hour energy lovely
item plenty of flies we're doing okay I
do think I took a lot of damage that I'm
a little disappointed but there you know
what would be big for us is BFF and you
no pun not intended but sure I'll take
it
I want BFF because again if our orbital
could actually kill enemies before they
have any chance to do anything then as
far as I'm concerned like we're gravy
we're golden
we're gravy is not the way that
expression works to lows thinking we
local come on homie we gravy we gravy
come on homie we gravy we gravy on these
rooms obviously it's working out but you
know it's really up to the enemies at
this point please get away if the enemy
actively tracks down the Guardian were
in trouble like these fires could cause
big problems that lump of coal by the
way I'm assuming is totally useless here
if they don't actively seek the enemy we
can usually kill them before they have
any chance to get to us but straight up
on some of these rooms I actually feel
like we have no chance with the current
equipment that we've got just kick it
right into him Smart Play at least we
didn't take damage but it looked like we
would like this room I think we just got
a try to get a little lucky any time we
don't take damage on a room where
enemies can can hit us from afar we got
to just say thank you basically so I
think we do get rid of Guppies Guppies
head here in favor of Satanic Bible we
got bookworm which is irrelevant but
we're kind of in a race against time and
how do we give ourselves more time well
we give ourselves more HP how do we give
ourselves more HP Satanic Bible copy
maybe they're immune to bombs I'm not
nope took damage for sure or not
actually I'm not not fully convinced but
the what am I trying to say here the
Sackboy pickup also is going to give us
like a huge advantage here
it's probably gonna give us more battery
charges than we otherwise deserve and as
a result I mean you saw that pay off
right there but as a result we should be
able to generate a ton of demon hearts
of these demon hearts are very valuable
for us at accomplishing what we want I
think we will take chaos just to mess
with it and and really this is a big
moment I've got in front of the bomb I
did what I could
no no no oh I'm mad at myself that time
can you just get away either way chaos
plus like this restock machine here
gives us an amazing chance of getting
some items that were actually very happy
with copy items of course are the big
ones I don't think we really care about
that we're almost at full HP when you
consider the when you consider the
batteries that we left outside so I'm
not too worried about buying that stuff
either I'll definitely buy HP I'll
definitely buy this card again I don't
think the science does anything for us
so we're up to 99 bombs that's looking
great we don't even need to go back for
the battery charger because we're so
close to full HP that have spirit hard
unlikely to make a difference if it does
we're in we're in the danger zone as is
and now deals with the devil certainly
mean a lot less but I'd still like them
compass is great I really I think we're
set oh I got rid of the Sun card dang it
in spite of all that though I think
we're in a very very good spot
I don't think we need guppy but nine
lives might be nice cuz it will also
still preserve our spirit hearts we're
kind of like we've got a ton of momentum
right now and I kind of needed this cuz
I still love playing Isaac the reason
the series is around us cuz I love
playing it it's like a sheer force of
will at this point got be pleased but
like I'll level with you
alright we don't take damage because of
because of the Isaac's heart there I do
view the challenges not all of them some
of them I quite like but some of the
challenges I definitely view is like a
necessary evil like we've got to
complete this challenge in order to go
back to my favorite part of the game
which is playing it with everything
unlocked and you might say you don't
have to play it like you don't have to
do the challenges but I like to have the
full experience so I like to have
everything unlocked and truth be told
doing all these once is not really a big
deal it's not like a crime against
humanity but I was waiting I felt like
we've had disproportionately poor luck
for a while as we've been trying to do
these this one on the other hand has
been very very good for quite some time
so I will acquiesce them this is a much
better situation to find ourselves in
here we also only have to go to to mom's
heart so there's definitely no reason to
get overly cute with this dude that made
my motion sickness trigger like crazy
there anyone else experienced that it
was like the whole camera it felt to me
like it was tilting there but just
something about the way the camera
scrolls on big rooms gets me gets me
sometimes it just gets me you know thank
you for not paying out exactly yet I
almost blew that one a little bit
I kind of wanted that read hard but
more power to you we had to luck not bad
no payout perks is fine yeah I mean we
could give you bombs but I wait a minute
didn't take damage from that though
what's up with that it's like I'm being
lied to
all this time puberty you know what take
the nail we're no no we're still paying
I don't know dude
creative cloud now's not the time I
don't need an update cuz I paid for your
software you don't need that you don't
need to harangue me into this I pay for
your software monthly I know you're
trying it the updates should be a my
leisure I'm not an enterprise user is
what I'm trying to say
I've never even rented a car yeah hey
while you're dealing with one of them
the other ones just gonna come poop on
you I guess yep bye wait stuff you could
do except get in there faster so joke's
on me I guess we could still have
problems here let's go in here
pop the devil card we didn't get as much
out of the demon judgment as I would see
what can you do if the foot just fell on
him
because he walked into a location sure
I'll take it thank you that the foot
could fall on it irritates me dude I
think it's probably worth grabbing
infamy on the off chance that it works
here which to be honest with you I'm not
convinced of but either way this one
might be coming through in the clutch to
guppy items please I'll do it
the reasoning is that we have 99 bombs
already I am I really just wanted to see
what the bombs look like and I didn't
expect them to stay in there as my it's
my bed I'm oh is this what it's like to
play with Malthus so we have these
homing bombs but now that I think about
it we can't really afford to use them
because we can't guarantee that in fact
it seems like quite the opposite it
seems like the Guardian for whatever
reason just wants to go into the into
the path of the bombs wherever they may
be
so Big Ups to you being the ultimate
jerk we're very lucky that as of yet
we've managed to kind of maintain an
equilibrium because we're taking wicked
damage that's more of my ideal room type
right here and this fits the bill as
well
one away I think from the yep yep one
away from me baby one away
one away from the bathroom one away I
don't think infamy works the way I
wanted it to here you know what maybe we
should have done the smaller room there
oh no you think oh okay you're crushing
my dreams I'm trying so hard I got I got
the run completely tailored you are
gonna walk on every spike I can see it
you you're actually gonna take pleasure
in walking on the spikes I see it in
your eyes I am no longer confident like
at all that we have any chance but we
did get HP and we did get damage does
the damage do anything no but all we
really need to do is make it like a few
rooms into this run if we make it a few
rooms into this run just walk away
please we can start to get our
trajectory handled again here
with with respect to our demon heart
like we just need a good sack boy payout
or something ten bombs thank you so much
really exactly what I needed how did you
know what are you good for the man who
has everything oh well someone who's
already got wrong answer wrong answer
Susan what are you doing Susan buying
bad gifts you will not get to him if you
want him come and claim him that being
said we are eating it right now it's cuz
the Guardians beard freakin socks man
doesn't do enough damage to have any
reasonable chance to defend this awful
creature that we've been saddled with oh
well it's pretty linear ride to the
finish here actual lanta oh my actual
lanta cool give me I really would have
preferred the red heart if you're just
gonna give me a spider not that I'm like
that displeased with it hahaha come on
though
no you had your chance there's more HP
for us thanks to puberty as well you had
your chance dark bum and you blew it
out of sight out of mind I made these
lyrics up these are not the lyrics to
since you've been gone by Kelly Clarkson
but since you've been gone I can breathe
for the first I mean at that point it
kind of falls apart under advanced
scrutiny I suppose no yeah just walk
over to why wouldn't you walk over to
this guy and Stan yeah okay bait me away
from that one and then yeah okay to
every you're like baby Groot or
something just F off your do take it
aggro from every enemy I protect you
from one enemy you go take aggro from
the other one you know it's one of the
better design challenges in the game
yeah put that in your pipe and smoke
oh yeah laser beams probably the easiest
thing to defend an enemy from a shot
that all just goes through your body
okay we actually did something genius
there but at this point I just pay a
room tax once per room you're gonna get
hit sooner you come to accept that the
better I suppose
algae's algae's I don't even know if
that is going to protect our our Isaac's
heart here but I'm obviously like hoping
we're taking the hobbits to a 600 block
son nah there's a there's a proper play
here and if we do the play if we do the
proper play properly then we are going
to get the win because you get that all
the places we have gone don't walk there
please all right
you've done a good job
pop algae's does it protect Isaac's
heart hey I mean I've got no shield
around myself so I think it does protect
Isaac's heart we got pretty lucky there
this is definitely like on the shorter
side as far as videos go but it's with
good reason we're gonna do a another run
after like not in this video we're gonna
do like a refresh run after this and
then we might actually make a second
pass and some of the challenges we've
already done
we got blank rune which is a very good
pickup I'm happy with that but yeah
annoying annoying run towards the end
I'm looking forward to doing like a
vanilla run next for now thanks for
watching her because I've enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
sorry it's a little bit on the shorter
side but we're semi free of the
challenges to do what we won't any old
time for now thanks for watching again
and I'll see you next time